# ATM-CaseStudy-
Objected Oriented Programming

*CHANGES AT THE BOTTOM*

ATM.java is the main file.

Classes:

1)ATM

2)ATMSystem

3)Admin

4)Account

5)Session

6)Transaction

Description:

1)ATM :

  -Has the all basic setup required:
  
     Create some accounts, starting balance, initialize Admin loginID,password.
     
  -Has an infinute loop for interaction.
  
2)ATMSytem:

  -Has all important definitions and links all the classes.
  
  -Has various methods:
  
    For adding,removing the amount and amount queries from different accounts and updating the balance in the machine accordingly.
    
3)Admin:

  This for the backend of the machine
  
  Admin can view the balance and get the information related to all the transactions.
  
4)Account:

  This is the basic building block.
  
  -Has methods for dealing with the balance in the account.
  
5)Sessoin:

  Represents the actual session.
  
  Through this customer is given options and the system interacts with the customer.
  
6)Transaction:

  Represents an actual transaction.
  
  
  -Has all info the type of transaction, the accounts involved,etc.
  
Possible Changes(or Updates):

 May have a restriction on amount withdrawn on each day.
 
 May let the customer change password. 
 
 CHANGES:
 1. Joint family accounts can now be created.(Each member will have a different password which will help in tracking the transactions).
 
 2. The passwords will now be stored after Encryption.(Using a function which returns a simple manipulation of the given password).
 
 3. OTP feature is added which enables the two-step verification.(Its generated using the random function).
 
 4. Option to deposit money directly into some other account is added.(Using the account number).
 
 5. Option to change PIN is added.(PIN is generated by the machine using the random function).
 
 6. Option to get Mini-Statement is added.(Prints the last 3 transactions(including failed and successful)).
 
 *The Database file is attached although it is not integrated due to some recurring bugs.*
